today I'm going to be dming 100
businesses to try to land a client for
my smma now this is going to be
interesting because I've never really
done DMS to try to land a client before
I've done cold calls and I've also run
ads for my own agency but I've never dm'
people on Instagram so this is going to
be interesting and I'm currently working
with the Home Improvement Niche so I'm
just going to scrape a 100 leads on the
internet and then I'm just going to look
up their businesses on Instagram and
then I'm going to DM 100 of them and
we'll see the results
hopefully it's good hopefully I can get
some promising leads and let's get into
it so as you can see on my screen here
I'm just checking to see how many DMS
you can send a day and it says newer
Instagram accounts you can send 20 to 50
Instagram DMS within 24 hours I'm going
to try to do 100 because down here it
says older accounts can send between 100
and 150 a day my account's about 5
months old so I should be good so to
start off I'm going to go to Phantom
Buster this right here is a website
where you can actually find leads for
your smma so this is how I'm going to
find the leads to DM so to do this you
have to sign up by entering your email
and then it's a free trial for like 14
days I believe but I'm not going to put
in my own email so what I do instead of
putting in my own email I go to a email
generator we just click on the first one
here and it just loads a temporary email
all right so here we go we'll just copy
this and then paste it into Phantom
Buster and as you can see the email is
right here so then we click Start free
trial and then make up a password I'll
just do something
random and it needs one uppercase and at
least one number and then just start
your 14-day free triy right here I'll
I'll just make up a name last name and
company
name and then we can just sign up so
what you want to do here is you want to
hit search and then go to Google Maps so
we can just click use this flow so
here's Google Maps and what we're going
to do here is search your Niche so what
mine is is Home Improvement so I'm just
going to search Home
Improvement in I'll just do North
Carolina for an example
but you can choose anywhere then as you
can see finds a bunch of businesses but
then we can copy the link so just copy
the link at the top of your
computer and then paste it into here
then hit save and I want to scrape 100
search results so I'm going to hit save
I want to find their Instagram profiles
and hit save so now we just have to
switch this enable it it'll scrape all
the leads this this actually takes a
while so I'll just wait and I'll cut the
video till when I have the leads all
scraped all right so I just got all my
leads scraped it took around 20 minutes
and what I realized when I was scraping
them at the top here it said you have to
verify your email so that's actually
very easy to do with the email that we
made here all you do is scroll down on
this and then it says an email that we
got from Phantom Buster and then you can
easily just verify it right here so
worked out really well I got all 100
leads and of course I'm going to like
not do the ones that are popular like LS
or Home Depot so now what I'm going to
do I'm going to go on my phone and I'm
going to look up all these companies on
Instagram and then I'm going to copy and
paste the same DM for everybody so I
have my DM planned right on my phone so
I'm going to DM them and say would you
be interested in 10 leads for your home
improvement business that are in like
and that it'll say the area so I'm not
going to say North Carolina I'm going to
say the area that they're in like the
town so that's what I'm going to do I'm
going to do that for all 100 leads that
might take a while and then I'll update
you guys tomorrow to let you know how
many people got back to me and if I got
any people interested in that after they
get back I'll see if I can actually land
a client from this so we'll see and I'll
let you know how it works out tomorrow
all right so it's been around 24 hours
after I sent the one 100 DMS and so far
four people got back to me so that's
four people that got back to me and then
I got back to them two of them seemed
interested so I'm just going to keep
texting them and see where this goes
hopefully I can land a client but if not
that's okay cuz I've decided that I'm
going to do 1,000 DM so I'm going to do
100 a day for 10 days and that's going
to be the next part of this video so if
you want to watch that video subscribe
and it should be out within the next
week and a half or so so as you can see
on the screen right now here are the DMS
that got back to me so one person said
hi do you have a scope of work for the
properties that need completed so then I
got back to them and then they got back
to me again so we'll see where this one
goes then someone else said hello thanks
for your inquiry yes I can currently
take on more leaves so then I got back
to him and he is yet to get back to me
so we'll see what happens with that one
too and then this other guy said that he
doesn't currently have the budget for it
so that's okay and then the last guy
over here he says he's always willing to
take on more work although he's not
looking for a marketing opportunity
because he's stayed busy marketing
himself through media and Word of Mouth
the past 5 to 6 years so that's actually
really good for him so yeah that means
that it works though because clearly he
has his marketing and he's been making
it work for 5 to 6 years so that's
really good so I'm going to continue
these videos I'm going to do 100 DMS for
the next next 10 days and we'll see
where this goes cuz I believe if I just
stay consistent then I will get a client
from cold DMS so we'll see how it goes
and also the link in the comments below
is to our free Discord group and that's
where I share secret tips on how to do
cold DMS cold calls and also get inbound
leads through Facebook and Google ads so
if you're interested in that go check it
out it's free and there's a lot of
information in there that I think could
help your smm I'll see you in the next
[Music]
video